Blog week 39 (#165)
packit/packit.dev: content/posts/September-2020.md

  You can now use `test` job also on Pagure and GitLab thanks to that.

[laura]: https://github.com/lbarcziova

## Week 39 (September 21st - September 25th)

> - Service supports private namespace now. It needs to be configured in the service config. [packit-service#831](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/831)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Service supports private namespaces now. They need to be configured in the service config. [packit-service#831](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/831)
```

> - Service supports private namespaces now. They need to be configured in the service config. [packit-service#831](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/831)

Reviewer 2: I'd mention this is not available for github and we need it for CentOS Stream.

> - Service supports private namespaces now. They need to be configured in the service config. This is required in CentOS stream and not avaialble in GitHub. [packit-service#831](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/831)

Reviewer 3: That's not 100% correct. It's possible on GitLab and GitHub as well. It just allows selecting namespace where we work with private repositories. (The centos-stream namespace is here only a coincidence or our configuration.)

Reviewer 2: my point here was that we are not enabling this in production for github so if anyone in the public reads this, they should know this is our internal thing and we still don't support private repos on github

Reviewer 2: I'll open a PR.

> - Service supports private namespaces now. They need to be configured in the service config. This is required in CentOS stream and not avaialble in GitHub. [packit-service#831](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/831)

Author: @TomasTomecek and @lachmanfrantisek 
will it be ok like this?

```suggestion
- Service supports private namespaces now. They need to be configured in the service config. [packit-service#831](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/831)
```

> - If git tag contains not only version (e.g. `pkg_name-v1.2.3`), it is possible to use upstream_tag_template to extract version from tag, which will be used subsequent task. [doc](https://packit.dev/docs/configuration/#upstream_tag_template) [packit#959](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/959)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If git tag contains not only version (e.g. `pkg_name-v1.2.3`), it is possible to use upstream_tag_template to extract version from tag, which will be used in a subsequent task. [doc](https://packit.dev/docs/configuration/#upstream_tag_template) [packit#959](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/959)
```

> - If git tag contains not only version (e.g. `pkg_name-v1.2.3`), it is possible to use upstream_tag_template to extract version from tag, which will be used in a subsequent task. [doc](https://packit.dev/docs/configuration/#upstream_tag_template) [packit#959](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/959)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If git tag contains more information than just version (e.g. `pkg_name-v1.2.3`), it is possible to use upstream_tag_template to extract version from the tag, which will be used in a subsequent task. [doc](https://packit.dev/docs/configuration/#upstream_tag_template) [packit#959](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/959)
```

- Added support for globbing pattern in upstream_ref. [doc](https://packit.dev/docs/configuration/#upstream_ref) [packit#960](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/960)
- Packit `--remote` is global option now and available for all commands. Because of this `sync-from-downstream --remote` was renamed to `--remote-to-push`. Remote can now be specified in the user's config (via upstream_git_remote parameter). [packit#977](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/977)

Following bugs were fixed:

> - Packit was dropping leading zeros in version anymore. [packit#814](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/814)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Packit dropping leading zeros in version. [packit#814](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/814)
```
